It was Jesus last night with His apostles.
You were the ones who have stuck with me in my trials.
Soon, Jesus would be arrested.
It was going to be very hard for them.
All of you will be stumbled in connection with me on this night.
For it is written,
I will strike the shepherd and the sheep of the flock will be scattered about.
They were going to run away and abandon Jesus.
But Peter said,
although all the others are stumbled in connection with you,
I will never be stumbled.
Very good Caleb.
Peter thought he was strong and would never make Jehovah said.
I tell you, Peter,
a rooster will not crow today until you have denied knowing me three times.
Cuckoo!
No, it's cuckoo-do-do-do!
No, that's not a rooster.
Your kids, it's not important color rooster sounds.
I'll never make Jehovah sad.
Me neither.
We know you never want to.
But Jesus knew Peter would be afraid.
And when you are afraid?
Oh no, you're late.
Hurry, grab your bags.
Be careful.
Love you kids.
See you later.
Be good.
Anybody?
Are you okay?
What if Jehovah doesn't want to be my friend anymore?
Jehovah wants to be your friend.
But if he did something bad,
he wants you to tell.
Today at school,
I was outside on the plane, girl.
It was just...
Wait!
Yeah, which is it?
Fine.
What did you say?
But you can, to my house,
get the other day to talk about the Bible.
Don't you remember?
Yeah.
Maybe that wasn't me.
That was you, but you're scared.
That was a rough day.
Do you remember when Peter said he would never stumble?
Later that night,
Jesus was arrested.
Peter loved him and wanted to help.
In the right thing,
isn't always easy.
You two were with Jesus the Galilean.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Wait!
This is one of them.
I do not know the man.
Hey, you follow Jesus.
I saw you in garden with him.
Did I not?
I swear I do not know the man.
You're the right thing to do.
But he was afraid and did the wrong thing.
Don't like a school?
Yes.
Peter didn't want to make that mistake ever again.
But he wondered if Jesus and Jehovah
would still be his friends.
After Jesus was resurrected,
he talked to Peter.
Simon, son of John.
Do you love me?
Yes.
Lord, you know I have affection for you.
Jesus forgave him.
And so did Jehovah.
But Peter had to talk to Jesus.
If you upset Jehovah,
what do you think you have to do?
Talk to Jehovah.
That's right.
You need to pray to ask for forgiveness.
And Jesus showed Peter that he was forgiven
by giving him more work to do.
Shepherd my little sheep.
So why didn't Peter give up when he made a mistake?
Because Jehovah forgives.
Hey, guys.
Oh, wait.
Explain birthdays.
Can you help me?
Of course.